NICK: Your hair
looks so different.
Well, get used to it, boys.
'Cause we're single,
we're sophisticated.
And we just went to a
place to get blow-outs.
What's a blow-out?
You know how it's impossible
to make your own hair
look amazing?
Uh, I do not.
Yeah, you know
whose hair I admire?
Jesus. Man, dude's
hair get overlooked
because of all the
miracles and stuff.
So, there's a place
that just blows out your hair?
Well, they wash it first.
So, essentially they
create a problem,
and then charge you to fix it.
Here's a, a business
idea I just thought of.
Why don't I break the
heels off your shoe,
and then charge you
to glue them back on?
Or, uh, take your sore
back and adjust it.
Which would, uh, just
make me a chiropractor.
You ladies need
to be very careful.
Blow-out can give a woman
too much confidence.
Make them take on things
that they can't handle.
Hillary Clinton.
Oh, hey, Ken. You can just
put the beer behind the bar.
Oh, actually I was
coming over here
to talk to the pretty ladies.
(both laugh)
Nice hair.
(laughs)
Hey, Jess.
Hey, Cece.
Bear Claw, hello.
I'd offer you my hand,
but it's quite wet.
Still standing close to people.
My building has
cable Internet now.
Did you get even prettier?
(laughs):
What?
No.
What? No.
What... no.
You and Cece should come to
a party at our place tonight.
I live with Ken.
Ken played football in college.
Do a football thing, Ken!
I'm kidding, Ken.
Nobody wants to see
that garbage.
Anyway, gonna be some
cool people there.
We know twin architects.
Yeah, they're... brothers.
Ken, what did we talk about?!
Huh?
Some people understand things
that don't come
quite naturally to your brain!
Stupid dum-dum.
Stay out of this.
You guys want to come?
Um, could you excuse
us for a second?
- Yeah.
You played that all wrong,
you stupid idiot.
Cece, I know these
guys are weird, but
parties have cute guys
who aren't Schmidt.
What did Charisma say while
he was washing our hair?
He said he was worried
about Taylor Swift
living in New York all alone.
Well, yeah, we all are,
but he also said
that we need to
embrace our freedom.
We're single. We can
do whatever we want!
The only thing
stopping us is us.
And Charisma made us promise
not to waste these blow-outs.
Our hair does look
so good right now.
Let's do this!
Let's go to this party!
Let's see where this
journey takes us!
(birds chirping)
Good morning.
Hi.
Do you want to hear
a funny story?
This green pillow over here,
I always use it
in between my legs
like a... like a
second person.
But it found its proper home
underneath your head today.
(both laugh)
MAN: Hey, hey... mamma mia!
He slipped in the sauce.
Bookmark this one.
Coach, get in here!
We're watching videos
of Italians falling down.
Oh, he's on a jog with May.
You know, I think
he might've met his match
with that one.
Rumor has it they haven't
even kissed yet.
What was all that
noise in their room
if they haven't kissed yet?
That's weird.
Stop listening
by everybody's rooms
for sex sounds, Winston.
- (laughs)
Listen, if I'm not getting it,
Hey! Hey!
I want to make sure everybody
else is getting it.
Winston, I mean it, man.
Good morning!
I, uh, I believe
you all know May.
Hi.
- If you'd like
to exchange pleasantries,
please do so now,
as she is on her way out.
NICK:
Why are you talking like
you're high
and I'm your dad?
Sorry I can't stay. I'm
performing at a benefit today.
Oh.
- I'm playing
Bach's "Cello Suite No. 1,"
and all I have left to learn is
the cadenza movement,
so it's...
Well, at least it's
not the sarabande.
Oh! Oh, my God!
(laughing)
Right? I get this.
That's crazy.
Hey, you guys should come.
Yeah, it's at an art gallery.
Yeah, yeah. I-I think
I speak for everyone
when I say absolutmont.
(laughter)
Something about Italians
on their asses, man.
BOTH (gasp):
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
You have stickers
on your neck.
- (groans)
Ow!
"The man, the legend"?
Wouldn't that mean he
has no penis at all?
Look, I had no choice, okay?
He's sleeping on my shirt.
We need to go! Walk of shame!
Let's make a move.
Wait a minute. Why do
women have to have a label
for going home in the morning
when for men it's
just... going home?
Why don't we just call
ourselves what we are?
Two respectable women
rushing to their car.
Great.
Aah!
- Aah!
Oh!
The sun! Hellfire!
Where's the car?
Where's my car?
No, no! No, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no!
No! No! No, no, no, no!
No, no, no, no, no!
No, no, no!
What are we gonna do?
My phone's dead.
My phone is dead, too.
I have no cash.
Now, what are we gonna do?
Are we gonna walk?
My feet are wrecked, okay?
And carrying shoes?
That's legit walk of shame.
Please stop saying
"walk of shame."
Also "legit."
Not crazy about
that word, either.
If that South African runner
who killed his girlfriend
can run with no legs,
we can walk in heels.
CECE:
Excuse you!
Those little bitches
throwing us shade? Hey!
Keep it moving!
(both laugh)
This is a middle
school vice principal
and can give both
of you detention.
JESS: Hey, would
one of you let us
use your phone
in exchange for...
Cece?
- What?
Cheese and a condom?
It's for emergencies.
Do you think Nick and Winston
should come to May's thing?
No.
I mean, I'm so freaked out
that they're gonna embarrass me.
I'm barely holding my own
with May's friends as it is.
It's always neo-romanticism
with that guy-- like Rihm,
Rochberg, Zwilich.
You know what song
I find neo-romantic?
(humming Johnny Pearson's
"Heavy Action")
It's Monday Night Football?
Uh...
Why is it, like,
weird right now?
It's a good thing that
I'm coming with you.
I know a ton about
classical music.
I played the ghost of
Rachmaninoff in a loosely based
high school production of Shine.
Now, do you think I'm crazy
for, like, thinking like that?
Like, what do you think
about Nick and Winston coming?
You know, I brought Nick
to a work dinner once.
(whoops)
That was fun!
Now, that place was fancy.
(groans)
(grunts)
Vest without a shirt?
I mean, it's a clean look.
It's just not for that occasion.
You-you don't think
we should tell them
not to come, though, right?
I think we can tell
them whatever we want.
Oh, hey, hey. And then...
so, that's, it's his side.
Hey, Nick!
(sputters)
What's up, man?
Nick, pick up, pick up,
pick up, pick up!
MALE VOICE:
The voice mailbox for...
NICK:
Penis Wilson.
MALE VOICE:
...is full. Good-bye.
And there it is.
All the numbers I know by heart.
That's more than me.
Learn from us.
Also, never open
a line of credit
for your boyfriend no matter
how talented of an artist he is.
Uh, we are walking.
We're walking.
CECE:
All right.
This is a legit walk of shame.
Oh, yeah.
Rough start, ladies!
It was the blow-out.
It's gonna be okay.
Come on, let's go.
Oh, my God,
they look so comfy.
Okay, you got it, okay?
You got it.
Just give it a good...
(grunts)
Oh, God, I need
those sneakers.
Ooh!
So close, so close.
You got it on this one,
you got it, you got it.
Yeah.
(screams)
No! No!
Let's follow that train.
JESS:
Look at it, just sitting
there, so full and so watery.
If we steal that water,
are we criminals?
If we cross this fence,
are we crossing a line
that we can never...?
Shut up, we
are going in.
WINSTON:
Makes sense.
Ugh, I can't believe
we have to go
to that stupid music thing.
I just found these
two-for-one
coupons to the
water park.
Wow.
- They reopened
the wave pool
because it's been two years to
the day since that guy died.
R.I.P.,
Mike Beakman.
- SCHMIDT:
All right, you know what?
I'll... I'll take one
for the team.
You guys go to
the water park,
and I'll go
with Coach.
- COACH:
Really?
My eyes react poorly
to children's urine anyway.
Don't ask me how I know that.
Sweet.
You guys are gonna have
so much fun without us.
Yeah, come on, Coach.
- Man...
Let's go put on our most
scrotum-crushing trousers.
Thanks a lot, guys.
(chuckles)
Those lousy serpents.
They don't want us to come.
Damn lousy serpents.
(hissing)
They must think we're stupid.
I don't want to go...
- Mm-hmm.
...but I don't like
the idea of not going
because they don't
want us to go,
rather than not going
because we don't want to go.
That's right, 'cause if
we don't go, then who gonna go
when we don't want to,
'cause we go.
Right? Rewind.
Come on, I'm being
very clear here.
Where are we going and why?
We're going everywhere
for both reasons.
(hissing)
How do you
do it so smooth?
(hisses) Just...
(hisses) ...exhale.
(stuttering hiss)
(smooth hiss)
I just can't do it.
I don't even care about it.
Just gonna...
Oh, that's heavy.
Yeah.
- Okay.
Let's just knock it over.
Push it ov-- push it.
Push, push...
- Go.
Oh! Fall back,
fall back, fall back, fall back.
We're trapped.
Now what? Wait until
the kid's party's over?
Kids unwrap presents
so slowly.
I know. Kids are so slow.
I think this is rock bottom.
Cece...
I have to tell you
something embarrassing.
What?
I didn't sleep
with Bear Claw last night.
I did something even worse.
We made up a musical
about woodland creatures.
¶ Owls and squirrels and deer ¶
¶ Raccoon and caribou ¶
¶ And otters ¶
¶ Get out of here,
you're not welcome ¶
¶ Get out of here ¶
¶ Caribou, caribou... ¶
(laughing)
- It's true.
(chuckles)
Why did you make it seem like...
Because I didn't have
a one-night stand
like a normal woman.
I stayed up all night
pretending to be a singing tree.
¶ I'm just a dumb old tree ¶
¶ No, you're not, take it back ¶
¶ Nobody ever pets me-e-e-e ¶
¶ 'Cause you're just a tree ¶
¶ They just eat my nuts ¶
¶ Eat my nuts, eat my nuts. ¶
You're right.
That is way more shameful.
(giggles weakly)
All right.
Confession.
I did not sleep
with Ken, either.
Yeah, we started hooking up
and then I called him...
Schmidt.
That's okay. It happens.
Twice.
- Whatever.
Four times.
Okay, that's bad.
I know, I felt so bad
afterwards,
I straightened up his room.
I am a grown woman
that is in love
with her ex-boyfriend
that has a girlfriend.
And I've been stealing
my neighbor's Wi-Fi.
I mean, what have I become?
This day is about
to turn around.
Wait.
Coach.
What?
Just-just put it
in your pocket.
No, dude.
It had pork belly on it.
Just put it in your pocket.
Do it.
I used to play the violin.
Then I became a real musician.
(laughs)
Because your instrument's
bigger, right?
(chuckles)
Cello knowledge.
Yeah.
(whispering):
The cello is bigger.
Nice.
(Nick and Winston laughing)
The hell are
they doing here?
- I don't know.
They're drinking
at a normal pace.
There's nothing
stuck to them.
Exactly.
The hell are they up to?
You are a genius.
Sweet, sweet city water.
Okay. You know how
today's been
kind of like
a-a crappy day?
Mm-hmm.
Well, how would you feel
if that hose belonged
to your ex-boyfriend?
Jess?
Genzlinger!
Hey! Uh...
Blast from the past!
How's that ass?
That ass is good.
I don't know if that's
an expression, but...
How the heck are you?
Good. How...
Oop.
(chuckles)
Don't know why I did that.
Did it again.
I don't know why.
Why you guys dressed
up all nice? Huh?
Talking all polite and stuff.
What-What's going on?
Oh, we're just here
for the culture
and, uh, the spectacle
of it all.
- Really?
And to make you look like
a stupid piece of crap
for thinking we'd be
an embarrassment to you.
I'm patting you down.
Hey.
- I'm an American citizen.
I request a female
if you're gonna do that.
Stop it.
Stop.
Hey. Hey, hey, hey.
- Ah, ah.
Get your paws
off of me.
- I feel something!
I feel something!
Show some class, Coach.
NICK:
Get your paws
off of me!
- Ow!
Toothpick in my leg!
(flute plays discordant notes)
Oh, dip.
Ernie!
Please apologize to Frondi.
The flautist.
Uh...
The flute player.
Oh.
Sorry, Frondi.
I should go.
We'll take care of the
charges and the damages.
We'll spare
no expense.
- No, we will not.
No, we will not.
We will spare
no expense.
- No, we will not.
So, yeah, I got promoted
to vice principal.
VP.
- Great.
I have a bottle
of soy sauce on my desk,
so no more packets for me.
Hey, you got a little
roly poly bug on you, hmm?
Oh...
I get it.
- What?
I wasn't born
yesterday!
You think we're on
a walk of shame.
I didn't, but...
Congratulations.
You spend your Sundays
having cupcake parties
at your beautiful house
with your cute little
half-Asian kid
and your daddy diaper bag...
I think someone might need
a visit from the "rest police."
Just because I don't
have a husband
or a baby or a house
doesn't mean
I'm not living right.
We're still growing
and changing.
Yeah.
- And that's
a good thing.
Look at this hair.
This is
single-girl hair.
adventure hair.
This isn't boring,
married, settled hair.
This is...
this is fun.
We're fun.
You know what I did
last night?
I got totally obliterated,
and I made up a musical fable
with a guy named Bear Claw,
and it was better than sex.
¶ I'm a little fox,
but I'm not that sly ¶
¶ What can I say? ¶
¶ I'm an honest
little guy. ¶
Well, I'm glad
things are good...
You know what,
Genzlinger?
I don't care
what you think of me.
'Cause this is
my journey.
Welcome
to my freaking journey.
Great, I wish
you luck...
You ready?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
That's not Jenn.
(sighs)
Nope.
This is not my
house, okay?
This is not a
daddy diaper bag.
This is a bag
of sadness.
Because I am
a party clown.
(squeaks)
I'm actually a musical
party clown, okay?
So no one's had a more shameful
walk this morning than me.
(squeaks)
What happened
to Jenn?
Thanks for
bringing that up.
Salt in the wound.
She left me.
You know what I
did last night?
I'm gonna tell you.
I masturbated
to pornography
that I had to draw on
the back of an envelope.
(chuckles)
- Mmm.
He's great with kids.
Who are you?
I'm a Liza Minnelli
impersonator.
¶ Ah... ¶
So...
Ah, guys, look,
I don't see much
of the toothpick coming out.
So, best move--
push it all the way in,
and get it from the other side.
Am I right? You guys agree?
How could you guys
do this to me?
NICK:
We didn't do anything.
You embarrassed
yourself.
Actually, you embarrassed us.
And you do it
all the time, Coach.
Like how you sit on
the hood of your car
when you pump
gas into it.
I mean, what, are you in
Dukes of Hazzard, you idiot?
I saw Isaiah Thomas do it on
a poster once, and it was cool.
And what are you
laughing at, all right?
What?
- You put ChapStick on
like a little girl
putting on lipstick
for the first time.
(chuckling):
It's way too much puckering.
Winston, you know what,
you shut up.
Cold busted.
You're the most embarrassing one
of our friends by far.
With your singing.
Your outfits.
- And the crystals.
Your mural.
- The mustache.
- Your fauxhawk.
With your bell.
- Puzzles.
- Your cat.
FYI-- you guys live
with the cat, too.
But at least I get
to reap the benefits.
(chuckles)
That.
- (door opens)
Ah.
- (chuckling):
Oh, oh.
Look, it's not what
it looks like, my man.
Um, we're just trying to squeeze
something out of my buddy.
We'll be done
when it comes out.
(clicks tongue)
COACH: Well, maybe it's
not gonna work with May.
She's too good for me.
I should just go back
to having soulless sex
with beautiful women I share
no emotional connection...
(shouts)
- Oh!
All my hard work.
May didn't start liking you
because you play
some dumb instrument.
She started liking you
because you're cocky.
And you're funny.
What, you're
afraid of her
because she plays the
standing-up guitar?
He's right, Coach, I don't know
why we're trying so hard
to make you fit in here.
You're Coach,
sex in a sweat suit.
Yeah.
If I've taught you one thing,
it's lead out with confidence.
Follow up with comedy.
And number trey, your home run,
your triple--
have great looks.
I got 'em,
and I passed them on to you.
So get out there, you
beautiful peacock.
Shake your tail feathers.
I mean, I'd rather not get these
compliments with my pants down,
but appreciate it.
Paul, you don't have to do this
if you don't want to.
You don't have to clown
for these people.
Yes, you do.
She said...
Open yourself up
to the journey.
Look, if Taylor Swift can
live alone in New York,
just think
what you can do.
The only thing
stopping you is you.
Yeah.
Ma'am, I will not
clown for you today.
Or any day thereafter.
What are you doing?
I am going on a journey.
This is my freaking journey.
(squeaking)
We're taking back
the morning.
- (whoops)
JESS: Happy birthday
to your little one.
May, we run in
different circles.
My circle's not even
really a circle.
It's more of a swirling
mass of idiots.
But, uh, that's me.
Yeah, you didn't have
to come back in here
to tell me
you were an idiot.
No.
What I need to tell
you is I like you.
And that, um...
and that I hate
classical music.
I'm sorry, I
do-- I hate it.
I mean, there's so many better
kinds of music now, it's...
Okay.
- You know?
But if you're playing
it, I want to listen.
'Cause you mean a lot to me.
All right.
I'm gonna play you a song,
and if you can name it...
(sighs)
then we can give this
another shot.
If you don't want to do this,
just... it's... I'm fine.
(plays Johnny Pearson's
"Heavy Action")
That's Monday Night Football!
Yeah, I learned it for you.
All right. Oh.
Oh, sorry.
That poked me.
Okay.
No, just don't touch it,
don't touch it.
Okay, okay, okay.
But okay.
- Okay.
Los Angeles!
(shoes squeaking)
We are sluts and we are clowns!
But we are not losers!
We are not losers!
- Yes!
No, we're adventurers!
Shame, shame,
I know your name.
Ah... yo, Nicholas!
Hey, Genzlinger!
I miss you, man!
Great shoes!
Guess what, guys,
I'm still here.
Take that,
Lyme's disease!
Cecilia, what is that shirt?
"The man, the legend"?
Oh, I think
you've met the legend.
Hey, you guys want a ride?!
Yeah!
- Nah!
No.
No, we've made it this far.
We're just gonna
carry on through.
Yeah, that's right,
that's right.
- Yeah.
Take that,
City of Angels!
For the true
angels are we!
Yes!
Charisma, we didn't
waste your blow-out!
I know we are having
a moment here.
Just take it down
a notch, Jess.
(elevator dings)
Oh, thank God
we made it.
BEAR CLAW:
Uh, Jess.
You forgot your purse.
I didn't look inside.
(whispering):
But I did feel around.
Thanks, Bear Claw.
¶ The forest is very lonely
for a thing like he ¶
¶ I'm a gay wolf ¶
¶ He's a gay wolf ¶
¶ The creatures of the forest ¶
COACH: N-N-N-No,
don't go out there, don't.
¶ Are set in their ways ¶
Oh.
¶ It's very hard to be ¶
¶ An animal gay ¶
¶ Today ¶
This is super
embarrassing.
Yeah.
¶ Today ¶
(howls)
It's why I didn't want
to come out here.
We should go
to a minor next
to really feel
the sadness
and isolation.
- No.
Yeah, he just wants
to be accepted, May.
Yeah, got it,
love that.
JESS:
¶ He runs with the pack ¶
¶ All day long ¶
¶ Inside of him ¶
Ah, this is too much.
¶ Is a sad, sad song ¶
¶ He's a gay wolf all alone ¶
¶ But wait ¶
¶ I'm a gay wolf,
too ¶
¶ Would you like to eat
some wolf Chinese food? ¶
¶ Only if it's gay. ¶
Clap now. Clap now.
Thank you.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org